21st century car manufacturer in the UK
is something of a success story it turns
out we Brits are really rather good at
it
so we're going to celebrate the great
British car industry by visiting some of
the most notable car plants in the UK
you see how they're thriving and drive
some of the cars they make
this is 40 degrees now build up the
power
building greener cars isn't the end of
Toyotas commitment to sustainability
this solar array behind me is just one
example of how the company is trying to
limit its impact on the environment
even before cars hit the road plant
Oxford is celebrating a hundred years of
car making in 2013 now the home to many
five of the brand's models are built
here we're ever gonna see a mini in the
world I'm gonna know it was actually
made right here
Morgan is one of the sole remaining
independently owned British sports car
makers there's been building cars on
this site since 1913
charging the three-wheeler ladies will
be listed as a cultural event
the f-type could be the best British
sports car out there but today we're
going to be using it to help celebrate
another part of British culture our food
by going in search of the best fish and
chips
small businesses now account for more
than half of all private sector
employment and that explains the rise in
popularity of the small commercial
vehicle we will tip tonight to ever and
there's our land as well to make us
small delivery for look
you